c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\EcgSnippet.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\EcgSnippet.Tests.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\EcgSnippet.Tests.pdb
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\EcgSnippet.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\itextsharp.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\EcgSnippet.pdb
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\obj\Debug\EcgSnippet.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\obj\Debug\EcgSnippet.Tests.dll
c:\users\dago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\obj\Debug\EcgSnippet.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\EcgSnippet.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\EcgSnippet.Tests.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\EcgSnippet.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\EcgSnippet.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\itextsharp.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\EcgSnippet.pdb
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\obj\Debug\EcgSnippet.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\obj\Debug\EcgSnippet.Tests.dll
C:\Users\DAGO\Desktop\EcgSnippet\EcgSnippet.Tests\obj\Debug\EcgSnippet.Tests.pdb
